Now let us look to the cost optimization of Amazon.
Easy to know when.
Easy too.
We have multiple pricing model.
We have the on demand instance where you pay by the hour or the second.
If you are using a Linux operating system which are not suitable for long term commitment or a steady
workload, they are more suitable if you have, for example, Adventist environment where you want to
create a machine to do a little bit of experiment.
We have also the reserved instance and those are very good if you want to have a long term commitment
for one year or three year, specifically, if you have a steady workload that is to do with a cloud
like a customer.
He come to you and he is in business for ten years and you want to create move to the cloud.
In this case, a reserved instance will be very suitable because he can get up to 75% discount off the
on demand price.
But it is a startup company and that they want to trial the product and they will see whether the product
is going to be successful or not.
In this case, the spot instance or the on demand instance are more suitable.
Spot instances are more useful if you are looking to have emerging compute need for a few hours or a
few days and you don't need those images to be or the those easy to innocence to be for long term.
Those spot instances can be interrupted and your price for those is both.
In a sense, it's good to be outbid by another customer of a W for dedicated host.
You are going to get a physical server with easy to instance capacity fully dedicated to your use.
Now normally we use dedicated host to meet a compliant and the regulation requirement.
Specifically, if we have a sensitive data like we are dealing with data science information, you could
also create dedicated instances and those are going to run in your own VPC in educated hardware, not
as shared hardware.
You could also make a reserve this casualty instance where you can purchase the capacity for one year,
but you want those instances to be available in a specific day like you one day in instances from 9
a.m. into 5 p.m. every Monday of that week.
So every week you'll have the machine available to you and you don't need it in the last days of the
week.
Now we have to understand that an on demand instance is more suited for low cost and the flexibility
spot instances are very good.
When you have a large scale dynamic workload reserve instance, you normally need them.
If you can predict and you have a defined capacity you need that you want to meet and the dedicated
host, you can basically use it to save money in licensing or you want to meet a compliance and regulatory
requirements.
Keep in mind the use cases for on demand.
They are a short term spiky or unpredictable workload.
Spot instances are more suited for application with the flexibility.
Where do you want to start and stop at any time?
You reserved an instance when you have a steady state or a predictable usage that indicated, in instance,
when you want to have and to bring your own license, for example, you have already purchased a sequence
server license and you want to have a dedicated instance so you can install your own license.
And this is the only choice where you will be able to access the course of the actual instances and
the socket.
And also you can have pair VM software licenses if needed and you can also address specific corporate
compliance and regulatory requirements in interview us.
There is four pillars, of course, optimization having the right size where you choose the right balance
between the instance type and the application need, and you have the ability to increase and decrease
the elasticity, as we will see later on in the last module when we use ultra scaling.
You want also to recognize the available price option and analyze your cost and usage pattern in order
to have the right mix of repricing option.
I always prefer to have a 20% of my capacity met by an on demand instance and 80% of my capacity needs
met by ED.
You could also look to optimize this storage choice and this is very important to reduce the use storage
or the overhead as possible.
Me.
You can choose a less expensive storage option.
You can have a storage option that met your requirements.
And the this is stored its performance.